docs: README.md (#51)
uport-project/ethr-did-registry: README.md

$ scripts/generateDeployTxs.js
```

You will get the data needed to deploy as an output from this command.

> Copy the senderAddress and send cost amount of ether to that address on the Ethereum network you wish to deploy to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the `senderAddress` and send `cost` amount of ether to that address on the Ethereum network you wish to deploy to. 
```

> Once this tx is confirmed, simply send the rawTx to the same network. contractAddress is the address of the deployed contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this funding transaction is confirmed, simply send the `rawTx` to the same network.
`contractAddress` is the address of the deployed contract.
```

> This will be the same on all networks it's deployed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`chainId` is intentionally not used in the transaction to make it simpler to deploy to the same address on all networks.
```
